 

To kick starts his busy Monday night menu with his loved fam
I first grab fresh carrot bunch 
I then head back kitchen with  a handful full  
To add little excitement I throw onion rings into sauted  
Till onion is brown 
Next in order 
A handful bunch  parsley  with olive  in the sulted mixture 

A little bit 
Of celerite and thimes leaves also  
Next thing in kitchen is my most beloved tool - blender   to smash   and then  soup is made 

Then comes a little extra  of salt  
Now the final touch 
Of butter  
Then we put our fresh-made 
Hom made delicious vegetable soupe on the serving 
Pls  with a  smile, to  share woth 
To enjoy a hearty warm, home cooked soupo
Now my fam will have to share 
Hom  made delicious with 
My fresh made simple veegable Soup 

Please read, correct, translate for a 14yr to have some knowledge and learn this concept. Translation:

The way we start: First you should select fresh carrot and headback with the hands in front to get to prepare your dish and also have your loved to eat and to start it for your day. Next step, saunted a little by onion for your sauated soup then. To put all of you to have this dish then the soup. Finally add parsley into your mix in to have all and also for more delicious to eat a lot. For to finish of clementite to use to smash then and your home-made dish will not make your soup to share it and for your home cooking in my heart will do this to have in. I want a smile when I put for family in serving and have to make a simple vegetable. Then share the joy when it’s made it then and we have. So I made home and then my simple vegetables made in to my own.

Please note:

As the student needs a 144-year learning material, my aim and focus to help him have a knowledge concept understanding and the writing skills, and my translation aims help students understanding a language and also learn. If we need further improvement for students please do share any advice you have. 
Also this concept and material to students for their education.
This task is designed by students who do with writing task and I have a task with them so as I have my role.
Translation from student work to help student's work to get more learning with the best.

**Correction**

This response demonstrates limited mastery but it does attempt the tasks requested, even showing glares to creativity.

- Vocabulary (content word usage - not sufficient to communicate ideas fully.)
Some parts are correct. I would recommend some more work, in addition there some phrases were too short to express well the intended concepts.

This correction can serve only a general suggestion, for each paragraph of students for more detailed suggestions of the correction.
Here are a few examples of how to improve, specifically:

1. Sentence structure: Short sentences can be combined to create more coherent, readable sentences.

