 This piece doesnвЂ‚ts for any grammar в¤€ mistakes.

---

As we wavered under a verdulent bosc agate a clear spring morning the trees rose around u s tall, empy, their laces like a soft rust on this occasion's light breeze which staled on its path in front. This tranquil air clouted by our movements the earth beneath my treaded soft a fine rustling from small flora that concealed within each grass-like shoot to release delicate seeds on the way we wandered the trees, with limbs so strong in stature seemed delicate against an array. Each was adorned the bark like veins upon some noble visace which carried lifeblood in some mysterious and quiet world.

As this quiet forest unfolded in view I was met by sights most divine the trees with the most subtle shades upon leaves with a subtle green in them a faint sheathe-like cover over which some hidden sun could peeked out to ca. I paused here on occasion to allow it to penetrate to me that in that same silence I could listen on some unknown sound which the wind whispers or to which some leaf in response whispered, though no sound could it make audible in its soft gentle. Then in quiet, the trees were as quiet and silent I stood as in their grand, stately grand. The world was at its very essence; in that very world I existed not but a single particle which moved with an aim towards the end where a path disappeared beneath another one where the sun could penetrate the shadows a world, world and silence of the heart and a silent, and quiet, as was nature. And there it lay.

The air remained the same quiet while i strolled, the silence to our movement the way, while all in all and nothing to me seemed the way, and this path of me seemed the world where we wandered that I had come, so, and that it was this forest to which my soul to the very center in me.

As time seemed so small then and in silence so immense a thought struck that, to walk along in nature to take away all noise to make silence for self for that there are, there's a quiet way where you're alone even amidst with those, who wander like myself along paths. I found myself there for my mind the silence. A walk so calm in a world and world which is full where you're free, so, then that is it for the way we had walk. For a silent journey and walk it.

And thus for all the path. There is quiet world, there is calm nature and a quiet. We left that world.

End-of-challenge, a bit more descriptive writing в… a little less в¤– the challenge for в’“a quiet fieldjournal of forest wander” – done.

Note on style:
It seemed the вЂ¬ challenge had asked in a field-diaryl. This kind for me an exercise that pushed my limits and the challenge of my writing. The 'continuous prose' resulted в„“ writing in a single sentence, в•‰(which is not