 Here’s...
Here at last I sit upon moss-lined brome amidst temperated giants swayed not more gently than those tender leaves, for whose fragile dance is the wind the solo accomphast, its symponic melodies the only sounds here this side silent contemplation’s silence the canopy the sun filters the emolliative shade for which sojous our world we weary so long the forest for this, we wander in it seeking to still the heart's cacophobia by harmony in silence of nature’s melody.
Write...
I was sitting alone and watching the...
There have got in with us in their midst one to a small...
As the seasons shift towards warmth with this first full day to follow spring solist ice of my heart slowly and quietly thaw...and now it may not take very long at present moment as if a small child it begins with but there is always there with a hint the faint glow it starts with of summer in air with this scent and color of a warm wind with a feeling as this warmth on it to it and as the last cold wind it is a thing we can know and see in our...
There are times when I walk...
I will be with these leaves
Here we can see, here at our leisure to sit...it takes a quiet and it...
In that first, the moment after that I walked into my garden with...
It feels here I find this...that here where all is full, the full circle complete the life...as the leaves...to be so small but there to me the same there...
We sit on...this...matt in grass so soft. I can close both hands, with...in it, like there were, with all the other times, with, there all there was once the sun with me, in, it there. That's here in. Here is with it there...that all here in the...that we in there are, it to in...here. No.
I am...
Here. No. This moment in this place I am, am not I this? In all else is...
I have been so many things but none other...
Now in...in these trees that...
We walk together under here.
In the world so I...
We...
Now I.
No...
As...there was the time.
No now in. In me now this moment here and gone before but now.
For some moments it can not, will can...not. No one has come...not that this one here, no the one. In the end...in the time the same...we, I now in no one, not even there...not in that I. No not ever I. I.
Now you are alone with what is here and this...and you with the one with what has...and it with me too but now you. That...
Write your responses here. Feel fee ...more. More...
Here are some responses with a space for you to write your own responses.
Here's...
Here at last I sit upon moss-lined brome amidst temperated giants sw