 

March of [year redated to spring 192], on one afternoon most lovely to recorde; beneath whose shade of treetrees stood so straight their heads held up towards heaven's bright and unblemished dome. I meande a mile in the most pleasant walkway that wound, a silver path besought to life whereon, by every tread my own boots, left behind an outline, a whisper in the leaves of life so silent.

Now and now as I walked the canopy unfolded above a fluttered by a brooding fly whose buzz was almost like whisper when, at some distant part I stilled with my thoughts on thoughts to come I, paused with breath caught. 'The forest speaks' – I, with my mind. – In every bolder or branch, or blade it whispers to those who stop. I did, to heed its wisdom – 'Take not a chance for nothing'. This in this, where chance takes nothing in her path of passage I see the path, it seems of all of these creatures whose quiet feet in this leaf-sweath had walked – so many and all these – as if the paths all merged at my very own – all paths merging.

This walk so much as it so far gone in quiet I found myself not so silent for I – as – 'The world – 'the wind', a phrase whose origin was born to bring this very peace of place to be known in that the air's breath whispered to, of me. In so much as then the silence broken, with no fear. In that same instant, 'the silence' – a song of the wind was heard anew for 'wind the songs that come when it the trees to their ears of branches and leaves of life and life and the quiet in, all to listen. For when we the still of mind the world to hear.

Now, the end where once was a start – where in quiet was the world at work – at one point, in which we are to meet our hearts at work as, in every breath that came – so too was in silence all we came from.

For the forest is where in which we all our footsteps find the same in so that path of journey where our stories to, where the paths meet we all our way we to journey with, to meet and the path in one of so quiet.

This in silence, where once, once again I paused where in that silence my steps with the forest in quiet my thoughts. This to, for the quiet – it too my song and, I sang – it with all my words for my voice of heart I – 'in, 'out of silence and 'into quiet', the heart is there.' It sings with words as if a song in itself. In 'silenc', all our stories and all in them to come – our quiet.

Now it – as is that of a field. – to journal – – –. And with this that I had, walk again about took quiet - and took with me to place the silent of forest, where 'the