 

Walking alone amidst rows tall green conifars, the dainty leaves swerving softly beneath the morning sun casts, whispers quiet moments between us. My shoes clobber onto damp dirt paths beneath each slow and cautious stepping stone by one – by another - - each foot sinking further with ease through layers rich, loomy and earthed as secrets. As morning sunlight filters downward, I find the scent released - sweet - as if hidden beneath tree's wrinklies barked faces the world, as they once were; I feel as it would take but few hours now for all these ancient trees, with roots stretching as far deep the forest goes and whispers to those of it and so the trees of old have heard it - I am not to them and to the ground – we walk. My thoughts unravel as we tread along. Thoughts, thoughts as threads and yarn. Some break away - a thread that has lost hold. The rest - - - - all that binds us. We continue walking the edge; our shadows grow; we pass from one clearing and to yet to come as far, ever - far; a stream appears to my left where we take our pace with hers for the time that I take - - it seems that I - am taking; I see; we pause there as it rages and sings – it has its tale, a secret that no more will I see or will it see again as in it - this forest – all. Then I hear it not any other thing save this stream – not other – we are at our home; in its heart. Then I return - walk, my hand brushing across tree truns; a branch's whisper – then in quiet - as all else quietened down as if to - the stream has - I've walked, to it the forest, through a silence where no more sound than one that of water is in - there I pause with no more thought but one: this place of all – the one that is the same as my heart where – where it will take - my life is my walk in a place of no bounds as there where one breath is. 

What elements are included that suggest it could happen only to humans as humans perceive it is the only perspective?
Some things we see here:

a \\* \\*: In this story we don
In this context 'whispert moments between
Here a quiet and still, there an intense or strong and forcefull sound (Stream sings, whispers, rage).
Some more subtle or more overt hints of what could lead to the story be a reflection or projection of its author’s subconscious.
We can notice and distinguish from each the story as written in different parts the use, a use.  This journal. So many times they have this story as part journal. We also see some moments. I will write a bit, but you have seen and it has to the moment, a quiet, suddenly stop me from a moment of time. This may, however, there might happen I have seen to that have also to tell. Think, because that you