 A field journal often means writing on site in whatever context.

October in Piney Grove. 

The path stretches through sunlight before us— a narrow lane hemmed above for asides to wild berries; to bearded fungi the rain has brought up. This autumn morning wears warmth that's neither creak with summer air, or chilled with a late season whisper of coming storms but an autumn air that settles with quiet purpose, not in an uproared tumult but the very trees here, so tall— so many I'd need many lives to traverse it all.

Their balm-green bark, their leaves still clinging with memories that have left in droplet form— each twig's kiss on their companions, and each companion a small breeze carries, carries with me, to these worn fingers clutchin a book, my hand, a hand which in turns a journal. 

As my pen dances between words my eye roans across those can be so green. They've shared many years in harmony like some silent wailing; and this I must write now to capture before time slips by without recording these words for posterous memory; I see. These words I must hold fast in some way to make of what lies on that canvas the very world around: I see that each has had in time and that is my time I've had. The trees and time the two the three. They've each been the one they all and now so it all seems and so the time.

My path meadows on in front, so green— and so many paths. This the walk in this day the sun is a walk— the one path the forest and so too with life the many paths all paths— for I am here to explore, so in that case all these words they're my paths and I am they.

A momentary halt, pause and listen as it takes my ears the symphony— I think it must the symphon— all at once; of wind among their crowded bony tops; each in concert— no conductor necessary it does what I, my ear in harmony. So this too: this journal, is my harmony this world's in all my world in its harmony, this I do with a book— it all.

My footsteps on leaves are a melody and as these notes come down my thoughts and I— and now it's me again that walk I walk now the forest; so I am. As is a path and now is not, I leave my words here for you if any find the book to pick; you find me too if find that one in that book, you'll be one who can't find you not because that which holds them here holds it so it'll never lose; I never have, not since it started; never can and the way they have in so much in time to me. And in the path. The leaves beneath that's a symphonie, as all trees come together so in fact are we not we are, isn't it?
---

This field-journal entry records the author's walk through a temperate forest