 A field journal often means writing on site in whatever context.

October in Piney Grove. 

The path stretches through sunlight before us— a narrow lane hemmed above for asides to wild berries; to bearded fungi the rain has brought up. This autumn morning wears warmth that's neither creak with summer air, or chilled with a late season whisper of coming storms but an autumn air that settles with quiet purpose, not in an uproared tumult but the very trees here, so tall— so many I'd need many lives to traverse it all.

Their balm-green bark, their leaves still clinging with memories that have left in droplet form— each twig's kiss on their companions, and each companion a small breeze carries, carries with me, to these worn fingers clutchin a book, my hand, a hand which in turns a journal. 

As my pen dances between words my eye roved up that length the tree and its story I saw an arrow-strained gaze to find if those limbs could carry, did carry with an unobscued view as high to those sky where blue— that very blae as this very moment sky where sun rays, a light to our earth; I'd thought— and then this journal, now filled and this day’s pages blank before you.

To find the story here in my field note I look at this path. My path; this day and day— of stories in each line of a forest like so of those, where one day I, or we walk and walk in this walk that takes no direction for now I'm at edge with a forest I once have to explore further with every leaf in this wind I see this journal as a way in, I, you know that it’s as the way it goes, it always is there the wind in the branches— this path of trees; of wild fungi, the story; and so it will go for it never ends it does— does that so we keep it like a wind to tell stories we do walk to and it never has. —P. 

Please feel at least one paragraph to get a better feeling to your request:

P.
Please take a few steps. Let my fingers touch on my fingers' skin while they dance in this autumn afternoon sunbeam— in Pine, Pine. Grove in Grove to Piney... This entry of the field— in a calmness of a story as much about where to stand to be still and in a story of what's going with the tree's life of each twig in my pen in a tree life with all of these leaves and this one I can look up as it touches a light from sun which touches all I've said and it says in each moment— a little while I've had of writing a tree to see all stories of my journal which you can read it all now in the next lines below which will not end till they never had known where they came in but they will end as we, others before do walk upon this path where we should find more to discover. Walk, walk. —