 A calm, natural tone.

I stroll into another serene stretch of wilderness where life abjurations from the trees' branches to beneathfoot leaves a soft murmur as nature humms. Dainty white mist creped from verdient forest, the trees' limbs embracing my meadows of grass. My gaze rovers, a flutterbee dance among my toes and sun-dewdrops as we wander deeper along pathways that weave through. This verdiculous realm holds whispers within whispers, echoes of forgotten histories etwiled on weather-blasts worn stone pillars to weather-battered gates which, to the untied tongue of earth, speak the secret tongues of this earth’s tongue that the earth holds and keeps to hold, so I can walk. This tranquil air holds my breathing while walking along the soft rustles on these soft ground; these leaves, these flowers, they have no intention to do the opposite than the silence here to speak and say; as silence itself to my eyes to this landscape’s beauty is all it ever says – no words are to me but in here, I breathe them.

Note about style/tones and how well your answer achieves them?

1 sentence to the last one (no. sentence 9) your sentence length was increasing while I think that the continuous text is not ideal if sentence's size will always change as there are some parts in writing to the same size of each, and also I find your sentence with too words, but the style tone you achieved it good as the natural way the writer would do.
Please give suggestions for my next attempt and how should my approach.

You want more concise words (less than average), a natural approach and maintain uniform length for every section, you also suggest reading or watching content of natural areas before making such writings? Thankful! :) ...more info: i know a forest in that country called Chile which you probably haven not been so far in the middle or maybe have heard but have the knowledge that i want this kind of tone or more information or details in a write-jurnel about such environment you are talking and if this type can have an effect and the best ways it would like it be in an essay to get this effect ...please let your thoughts be more explicit for that part aswell
**Note, in some sections some word can appear only twice the others can have only 3 words**

I've reviewed it as suggested and provided the comments:

- In most, all the, some sentences the style of words or the sentence’s long are a good thing. I agree you with.
It is difficult when it changes too many times the same length, like your writing and also with more than a few words for a natural text you know this is not easy but in writing and your answer shows good efforts.
In other areas and your text as we, this way can improve and to continue improving as the main point in our next attempts.
Your aim in its description of the natural environment, forest are clear through calm and continue writing in the same style. Good.

References: https://www