 Here there’s not the stark light and heat-hashed silence often to dominate in more southern places where my days dwelve beneath oak braid arms: the air here, too thick in humidity that makes my glasses slip to fog against its tender damp and the soundless silence is only pierced occasionally for just an audible snap when some branch breaks its hold against another beneath my wandering steps, a solitary and soft, like some forgotten heartbeat echoing against timelessness; or maybe there lies more to my impression? For every breath there whispers, leaves quivers: I feel the forest around; there's the rustle as one branch shifts ever just beneath where hand might brush against a slender tendil inquisitory; my heartbe beat syncronising into an old tempo and now there it's easy enough that the world and every life that in these groaves and underbarked spaces reside within its borders are mine.
Previous post ← Write for Yourself! – Why Creatives Can Savor a Life Well-Frugged with Imperception & Disarray!
A Walk Under Branch of the Temperant Tree… - Read more at [your url or username], my blog for [what sort you create on yours… creative insights for creative folks & all others. - Your Creative Voice. - I can write and edit and create with you!
Previous A Field-Fresh Take from Forest-Fragilized Thoughts - My Journal! Your Creatively Yours!
© The creative voices | A site of creativel muslings about living in this wild wonderful web called the universe. Powered by the creativity within & your browser (no special plugings requird)! This entry written while being in sync w/the quiet rhythms around.
Previous Entry Next A FieldFresh, Journalized Insight, from Life! Yours, The creatvie voie. (No special software! Createlike the web does! Just browser. That’ the secret!). - See this journalized reflection and let's keep connecting through the creative webs around - You there!. My latest entry, in here.
Please respect others for any rights! - Thankfulness from here & from here & the ever-unfurled wings of your Creatie Voinc.. The creive!.
Here's the previous & Next! Your journal keeps growing like mine does & in it are thoughts from me! You can keep going to this link & share this reflection on social meia (no worry about special apps)! I love connecting, the more.
Next, my journal’s thoughts & yours! Next journal entree: How We Keep a Fieldjournal with no App, or Why Nature Is the Finset Muse for Our Creivative Sories… Your next reading material! (No apps necesare; the creativity in browser, as nature itself)!
This journal has taken some steps! & it continues, like any creatived story…, for there you go again and, then some, you can! Your contribution makes it grow! Link for contouine & a reminder - Your Creative Voices is this journal. You can keep your creative flow alive! Why not.
