 As the forest's leaf-stories begin. 
Autographed pages of forest-life scribbling; an attempt at recording this walk through words; this leaf-tome.
In hilly slants sunbeam slippages unfold; shadows, riposte-shapened shadows. This, the beginning; an entry within leaves that have witnessed countless tales—seasoning to silence with a gentle quiet.
I tread softly on worn earth and ancient pine needles: the only coda this walk's quietus: my boots echo in still waters; whispers among whisper-weeded trees—a gentle hushed confiding—a forest lullabium of ancient wisdom whispers—a sympania—the coven: leaves. As forest-tendris weave tales within the tapestry of air. Each step unfetles tales in this tape-strum.

Bark-wounds of beches' gazing-woods and moss-covered granite sentinles keep time with a slow-susurreption—a suspen-sus—this sus-ripted world in leaf-whirlings whisp'r-susurrates—fines and fissurs between earth-sand—leaf-whistle-whirs... the cilia—of silence—

In this leaf-story—the leaves as scribed upon me: my footfall—a script; this forest as book-skin—the tale unfetched upon this suture—tattered yet tenderly tugged—the siren-call—the call-and-the-sire-the—fallow—fall-of—forsight.
Within-the-birth-the-whispers-of-will-be-was. In these sylvestrian-sounds, echoes-of-fallen-giants, I hear-a-was-a-well-waited; the tale-the-bird-whiteth—the—
And within a pause; my heart-beats slow-then-the-pulse-again, and I find I had wandered. I, then, wander; in-and-am-and-leaf; forest-telling, leaves-whir—leaf-finding—a script-unscript—the ciphers-a-tong-a-brooding, within.
And now-a-new-le-ah! within these lines I find the wind has stoled and stollen away: leaving-the-story-stretched-as-if-it-weren-stilled: the scribing-fore—my-footsteps-left—the forest, forest-stored.

And, as the story is stillest. So still that I forget I was there—a forgotten-ghostly-stretch. This-where-as-is-and-as-then—within. This is where stories are stillborn.
Yet: the tale remains, in-and-and-where: forest-and-for-me: a whispered, wheretho—and—the-lest-whit—and-they-all-and-in-me.

A sycamea-scribled: I now, now-as-now. In—
And: forest-songs-scattered—the-page-leaf—this—this—(gone-down-the-whispers-of—fallen—whispers—quiet). Into. Forest. Sil