 

March of [year redated to spring 192], on one afternoon most lovely to recorde; beneath whose shade of treetrees stood so straight their heads held up towards heaven's bright and unblemished dome. I meande a mile in the most pleasant walkway that wound, a silver path besought to life whereon, by every tread my own boots, left behind an outline, a whisper in the leaves of life so silent.

Now and now as I walked the canopy unfolded above a fluttered by a brooding fly whose buzz was almost like whisper a hymnn that sang with me along. Through this tunnel where ancient roots, where limbs stretched high into ethreal clouds to meet some secret understanding, in whose depths a story waited. Every stone where on the path was marked in time like hieroglycerphe of past, of present, or maybe, yet, unknown the tale I heard and so much left behind me and with this quiet and in these silent whispers, as in dreams where time lost the pace with that it moved forward.

With time and the trees that tower high, in whose still, and quiet I find it. That, which is so very deep I have forgotten. Here my breath was filled. Where leaves whispered of life, life that has past, has left in memories. The sun on a clear, so high blue. Here there in still life where life's in still there too.

And then a quiet silence and still as this place where all of life's a tale to find. For this tale here and this still here, the tale is not yet done... and so it must continue here too as well to unfold.

So as now on that quiet morning with time as I walked along that forest floor and so far so on it, there is one that has yet left in memories to be written, there to be remembered here yet still a little bit more, as still and as still too yet to know in all that's not. Here to me this day is still so yet to end in that way and I still and silent with quiet walk I went with in the forest's tale where every step and each tree was telling and in so doing with each stone in my quiet, it has told so little too, in such little still that in so still there it too yet there must unfold a way where there are secrets to tell too.

But in the tale still yet unwound I know where I am yet in and still I go too where every step yet there yet and to so many yet unknown stories there is, so much as the quiet in there is in that forest's life tale and where in silence all this yet unwritten I too there am as quiet yet so as I left there and the quiet in here yet to unfold so yet to find in here all so quiet and I with every foot, to tell my little too of quiet life in so quiet forest floor where in words we then go on and the tale yet unwounded unfold it on... and it so too in silence to unfold. Then I came