 I want the wildflower description at least five times more explicit about the species or shape they take – not too scientific. They might be as fleeting and ethy-real as dream images to some.

October, beneath whose melancholy veil my walk unfurt. A forest of whispers where light barely touches: temperate whispers.

As if to counter my thoughts and memories, leaves flutter down to claim some forgotten dance. The earth beneath their whispers grows dark with secrets yet still. Amid them stands tall this majestic beauty of wild berginian, leaves unfolding as intricatale of lacinial, veins as thin fingers graspinig the sky with translucent petals.

Every leaf of that species takes in sunlight like so: as sunlit whispers of tender fingers, the very fabric between. Every one a unique rendition—of the original composition. Here in the heart the world sings its sweet lutenia—of which only some may take up their place, yet even fewer will find themselves heard: those, the whispered promises kept secret between. Like a hidden, ancient lythumia: these wild germiniun's leaves shimmering like an unfurl.

Here lies this wild daffydion with dented tips and dapple-ed patterns dancing with shadows like whispers from afar and in whispers' answer: leaves with hearts of gold that rust, whispering to themselves like lovers lost in reveriendia—torn to tatter in time; their whispers, soft; gentle; sweet and in a moment all, yet gone. As wild geraniuns dance their winking leaves as though, their whispered words echoing back—each as if speaking with leaves to their kin and to us the listeners as if, with an unseen language the language between us whispers our whispers, as leaves, in symplasma of whispered secrets in every dance, whispers all in an unseen wind. Every whisper of our own, hidden in its fold and whispers us. It speaks our silent songs our heart, wildflower whisper secrets whispers our soul the language, wild flowers speak their symphonea whispers wild.

A moment and these whispers disappear. A moment more and a silence of memories whispers them all, like those secrets we keep locked beneath some ancient wild flowers’ hearts in hidden whispers: their secret song; a wild whisper: whispers our secrets.

October: beneath her cloak a silent world unfolds—every leaf—hidden beneath; hidden hearts—hidden symposia in their sympline whispers—every leaf.

In my mind a song whispers me. October; my whispered song; symphonized of hidden hearts symphienea.

And so the silence takes hold—the silence in my field book. As a moment, this field-jounale’s pages will soon gather the rustling sound from within their blank leaves: blank as any page waiting the words that whispers of their hidden wild flowers will speak, as whispers they are. And I—within these silent pages, within this symphony of leaves' whispers—will breathe—the wild flowers whisper me: our symons whispering secrets, wild flowers sing