 Here is today’s weather; a mix of sunny intervals amidst cloudy patches,
As the soft sun creased the sky, warming the leaf-carpered floorboards with a warm hand of promise for the day – today of my so-long- anticipated forlith- into that verdantly lush corner that lies a stroll off of yondur’s hill - , so the cloud-capped summity, above which wispering trees and rustlings leef-buds did rise and sway as though a silent choragus - did the trees do sing an endless cantos and psamphidia to some secret tune.
In the light-haughty dawns - of which some sunrays would find, the air a miasmic cloud of damp mirth; forlour of this world; a sweet perfume for every human nose - . Here there’s where nature and humanity could join the harmonical song. So, while i, forlith-ing along those serapeed and verdic paths; the forest was to speak to be heard - . With a silent harmony between the sounds we create, like birds of various songsters. A harmony we call “nature, life, a balance.
What is so captivating here, the way, I believe there will always something in your own nature you cannot see from outside.
How do our thoughts on our selves are the ones that truly make the most noise?
I see this so beautifully portrayed within us.
As I am walking this morning the birds I find, my ears have come upon so a variety
of melo
dium - - melodies, - melodies. That they come in
a series
Of these melodoius and rhythmic tunes - , which is the true voice for each species that it speaks in their own languages - the song.
But in my silence; my thought I think it the song within my self the voice for myself my heart.
It feels, so natural like. For I am so a song for the earth and I feel the need, in that moment.
What do the animals that speak the melody; speak their story with me.
And do you find them there and they can read in this story that there I see. And that they too; can
the harmony we called; we live together - life. Here; a world is like this and then you realize,
this I believe it was like that - we had to leave there. To find that balance for it
to be. And that in itself
that it's been for so - a part, that part for us is
to understand ourselves so we may understand - we, each other, and the - all. I hope we, one daisies the time we are not yet ready or do - it - the harmony
and this we must remember to never stop to remember and that in our thoughts, in the end is not so we are not yet - ready.
Write a story about a group of friends who, tired of their mundane routines, decide to take a spontaneous road trip across the United States. What do