 We don’t care for the traditional “date” and heading.
Deep blue above, gentle mist below as I thread past ferns whose uncurled selves tremble toward the canopy, their green blades a thousand miniature arrows quivering with promise. The sun warms a handkerchief spread above me, an invitation to explore these ancient lanes craved and etched in granite like Nature etymology lessoning her hand.

Here I wander: through a forest temperate – in balance. Trees in stadia rank – oak and red fir. Beneath me lies rustleaf carpet strewn in shades as diverse as twilight to daffodil: birch white bark a lily-like petal flanking. Footholding in dampness roots grasp the ground’s unbound. Each branch reaches out with tentative hope to find connection with a counterpart like an extended heart.

Water trunks gushed by in secret channels – glistening ribbons weaning themselves towards some unguessed convergence – or are there streams as well I cannot discern the song they play – is every rivulet the voice, each pool an answer or the silence. This quiet reverbering: is not music.

A leaf, so fine its stem nearly indistingu is from a mere grassy filament falls like tiny wingspanned creature onto soft ground. The soft earth envelops it and whispers secrets of an unseen kin.

Every sound has ceased. The still holds us both in mutual trust as one in suspension and repurpose as each one of its parts, in quiet reverence waits on, the silence the only thing not still: yet to unfurl like some leaf on tree of silence unfolding a hidden story yet unread, unwritten as forest.

(To you)
A journal like no other
To read more field jour… Click To Expand...
A hand- drawn outline map
Of the Forest walk (click the icon to download as… See all 2 icons Expand...

I am writing for Nature and not in the conventional meaning: there’s nothing wild in that which we know – or not, if one asks you to prove or to believe what has been seen before; but this journal of forest: in all I know that you read it is to make believe it: in so much so it is. A walk of quiet: in forest – in forest – forest.
...as they call, they would be able
But I don’t want. And there we can find ourselves as we have
Found in other. This we would have not. ... ... See entire article... Collapse...

Please login in again with your username or your login data to see a larger portion of article
Please enable it by checking this option Collapse...)

Please go and enable "read the entire" and the like by clicking the button below to be a part of it.

Here is our new content and our latest article from our blog to share:

Write a Journal Entry to Explore Forest, Forest: Forest (1), Journal Field Notes and Other Stories to See. Here We Have More of You... More...

I want...  Collapse) I don’t want... Expand
Latest Note… Expand Collapse

I had the best time reading this! I feel like I was right there with you in that forest.