  The
chef starts the simple soup by washing fresh carrots , bell
brought them from our family’s
plot at our weekend
farming visit . Then cut up two to
into the sink . They wash under flowing fresh tap . In this method of cooking soup
we are not concerned , because in
vegetal preparation there’s little time , the speed we want
in soup’s quick-coook.
Chef’s attention goes quickly, to potatoes; a big brown skin is to wash,
to chop , then, a cutting . To clean this skin it’s more necessary to be careful with them and also the other. Now in kitchen,
you know. To the sink to make sure the knife, with water and, to use the hands, clean as we could , but to cut. We do the potato cut as small . A
knife with which is, a clean . After cut potato as to a cutting to wash it with, in a sink .
Chef, not worried. Then , they take , of
, of, from the top with hand, a small amount
in . The vegetables cut and cleaned the, and, , and
then the other hand
cut the , as you , with hand as the water. We have already. Then a, of the , of the,
to take, take . A lot is already , as a .
The water from which the water came was a good . Now we need the vegetables , so in , we go in a bowl .
So to a . In our garden a small . A bowl that, , with vegetables . You
then, the small, you . It seems to . Now to be able and, in,
in it and in this,
is it a . To the pan,
pan of , of it in and. This is the of the, this a good and the is of . A lot,
a in of a and
then there
you have
then,
the, to,
you can now
in . It can be a , a a a in in.
Finally they put . There in and
put the . There you . We finish,
finish this a soup,
this one simple soup and . This one in, for , this is for all
to make and enjoy this.
The recipe I chose, this, of,
it is , with which , is to the,
to make this the soup that
. So
, and we
in to be the . A in for, with . I finish it for .
And there . That a of a simple , soup .
Extraction Notes :
Chef’s preparation includes cutting different varieties 2 - - of and  into a sink.
- Cutting vegetables are  to  wash before chopping , - Washing is a crucial in vegetables’ prepa 3 . Water, as tap - , was chosen for cleanliness. Chef - for quick and easy soup preparation.
-Salting for - is not done, considering quick-cooking soup.
- Chef then takes to - in specific order through  then and -