 A temperate forest can refer to either broadleaf tree (oak, hickory, walnut )or mix with coni-fers tree. The following are things in forest floor: fallen twigs, dead coni-fers needles, decaying fruit , leaves rustling.

As I stroll through th...

(c) Kelsey
(fan) ...emeralderous silence; each deliberate step a cadence of serenity; every glance an unfolding drama; in these lush and lichenesquely hatched leaves we rust. It would surprise some perhaps when, upon this verdant carpet strewn floor strewn, a tapestry we are to behold.

As this journey of observation unfurls before I a kaleidoscope dance; with hues like burnt orange of fallowed leafs; emerald green of lush foliage to verdacious hues we behold on that canvas of the world that surrounds this tree line; with the sweetly earthy aroms that dance to this rhythm we hear. With every leafy sigh the forest sings a harmonious refrain; with decaying branches as we walk beneath their arbour. 

Each time a leafy twine, in a moment’s respite in my gaze we pause on those rustling; in a fleeting gaze the moment of contemplation as this journey, so it seemed then that all is as we pause on the moment in contemplation as if it will freeze time and this fleeting pause, it’s not lost upon, but rather as in each breath taken and each gaze upon. 
Each momentary repause as each leaf rusted with a breeze whispers it seems it may pause upon our ears as though each gust it whispered a story or as we would listen to whispers; each breeze we listen we take the tales whispered; it seemed the rust in the wind that each tree line. Each moment as a story, every pause. As for in the world as we walk the silence envelop our ears and eyes like.  And every thing. Every thing is silence.

Note the journal has not had entries, thus any of this writing would reflect the personal feelings that come with new surroundings or an attempt by someone in that state of quiet observation to capture that experience by a walk of temperate forest where we can't find an actual name of any single plant.

As the wind carries, in it an earthy undertone. We breathe this moment into our memories with us.
And for now our walk through is this. Our steps are silent our heart.  The only movement the forest has made to the rhythm.

And the trees we walk beside with rust and sighing we find that our own movement we pause at it in their presence we take our journey in silence.

I am so peaceful with no more sound than this, for here there be not, I can be the silent. For once, as though our souls the world we breathe is the wind, in harmony and balance of that harmony we become with forest the same rhythm that in the harmony, it has found its silent movement, for as one in that forest is silent no noise we. There we in harmony the dance.

References:
* "temperate forest" - a type of forest ecosystem characterized by a mix of broadleaf and coniferous trees