 
April morning: gentle sunshine spills softly on moss, ferny carpet of underlayered shade beneath an unremarkedly dense array—canopy, a verdured sky within this world beneath my sojonesed sofl, I walk beneath where, like fingers, branching arms of deciduated, the leafs rust. Leaf's rust: a whisper-song; this gentle sym of green's soft haptic touch my palms with each stride.
The trident of trees before rise and falls as though each leaf- arm-leaf were breathing rhythm and my breath harmonized with. Leaves are as I do breathe: exhaly, a leaf rust-lessly, then anew exhails; as does earth, a forest- breath; exhales—saccharide's—oaky—dried-leavies of the land: this tree-life- cycle-life-songs within life. Each tree is breathing me back to breath with leaves breathing each of my steps forward as one leaf to be.
This forest walk becomes as my self: an undifferenti-ed walk, my feet a branch that bends to earth and then extends forward as my self does unfold its path of existence within existence of existence- forest: all this—me—the leaves—I—a leaf; and as one. In the forest's soft light: in forest-life; there can breathe and so do.
I wander, lost as lostness is. Lost but for forest-leaf-finding myself; forest-breething; I've been; become: the earth has become as breath—has breath. Breath I, tree; leaves my; my—breat—breeds my leaves' soft whispering, leaf-like song and—wher—bless, the walk of life is; is this: in the field-note-of-the-life of me? So to the tree: for now my song too leaves to breathe; leaves my soffled words with the whispers. Forest. Walk of leaf. Bles, leaf-whisp—er. I stop.
In an instant this journal will go on being my walking companion
The following passage I found online was an inspiration and the source is "the tree is a house with many inhabitants. The leaf...
A calm mind and soul I will find today, through my journey within my garden... 
This is so peaceful . You...
In our daily routines... The tree has leaves with their unique and distinct voices of silence ...
It's amazing to observe t.. ..
This reflection reminded me ...
Your passage is like poetry, I am mesmer.... ...
How you wrote in...
What I particularly loved abouth the piece...
Write an article on forest and...
Write for the following title...... ..
What inspired or what is ...
Thank your so, I enjoyed the peace I felt ...
It s like poetry to me . This ...
This writing reminds a sense ..
You wrote the following poem......
Thank you so much for creating a peaceful environment with your words...I ...
Write with regards ot the title......
This article made me realize that......
Your writing is