 In describing this landscape I'll try also touch lightly some thoughts which the peaceful setting can spark...
My pen whispers against page-lined tranquilities here by my camp chair under that sturdy cedar, now swivelly-turned toward its gnawned-out hollow – a gentle clearing – where sunfaintens, if only. My breathing slows; my senses come online. We walk along – the path's gentle give beneath worn-soal-shod shoes (mine); no deliberate foot-placers allowed: just soft steps into nature. Ferned undergrowls, the earth beneath us; soft, lipped mossy hums of forest voices join the murmury (the forest as an instrument? – it seems fitting: this orchestra plays only once; its conductor nowhere found. No scores). Leaves quirk upward as a waning wind whistles soft. Shadows slide by, and sunlight stammers through leaf canyoms; all's fluid motion... As the air – the space – all envelop me in quieting whispers: of growth (trees; my very cells?), impermanency ("transitions"... the very forest is ever-shielding new, then surrendering some: its "I-what-can't-rely-on") , I let worries shed, or dissolve beneath this tranquil tide – just like some sap dripping onto leaves...

Nowhere an agenda; nothing but walking... just walk. I am just along these lines drawn; this forest, these life-formal paths etymologic in time as the path we now travel... As if, if only the tree's branches leaned to whisper in – if leaves held whispered wisdom to the one standing nearby ('your words, the very tree?'); but here: there... – all just an endless "walk-with-" forest, my companion.

We – I guess me myself – have come, I've walked through – now pause here (just beneath an elder; whose story?), to consider that – this "here"-now, where "time-and-fates-might-have-torn-us-all-but" we can pause and savor a bit – for there's still some to find meaning where moments are, for those with receptive hearts...
A fleeting " Ah!" as breeze whips through. It stokes within a fleeting – but I don – I am already lost; in contemplations – in quiet's undertideways.

I'd continue if a nearby rustled, a tiny 'crick-it!' (the sound) startled a wisp-lick- flutter by that hollow: this small crit'r now dainties the edge. A "ThankYou"-unarticula, whispered by my hand as well- I watch the whiplash flutter; as I breathe deeper...
I sit a few moments longer – no 'shoulds-'or-'to-D's here but this still-spring-bless-ed air.
End-journals don't belong within nature... (thought).
Smiling, my pen returns to its journal, tracing trees... shadows shadows... I walk on. – back to peace. Notes. Edit: this