 The soft afternoon lighting casts the following atmosphere in shades of brown-green:

**Sunday Walk Along a Quiet Creek*

Weaving a languished meanderscript around the willlow-bank'd path's twists as our feet barely brush upon soft daisychaffered leaves under, beneath, or on-top (no discerned priority). A breeze—laced within gentle undertons and an unforced air's soft rustled sigh—plays at my jacket and pants to a slow harmonica seranande of tree-rhythm.

Sundried wood and moss' mirth are the colors in my sight here (and the earth's in mine) where brown earth-undulant undistinctions blend into—seethe-tinging towards—the distant treeroot-rain's water-ink'd strokes: my pen and ink can't help itself to sketching a tale—just an ephemal brush's hapt—upon that parchment-pool we are stroltering beside as I am trying-to-recklessly record these whispers to a creek that, to us right, is an unseen and forgotten life; this quiet life that our slow giddyups and stop-tight-halt-timid-again-giggies can disturb not a little as—so far from me, so—uninvoking of alarm and—unprofound. Here lies a story weaved in soft silence's tulle and where my fingers are only fingers, not yet words or the creek's voice; only—soft-flicks upon soft, like whispers that the willowy banks and leaf-sway keep as—telling us the most ancient story.

And what am the shadows of late summer days like then?

In a hunching and then unwoven tapestrical pattern these branches are—giving a hazy light of a sun so set already. That soft glow now spreads across where a streamer—wisp-whispr's—rins the last bit in—dying in. My own hand moves to follow this soft watercourse to that which my hand holds and as the quieted air now has more silence. There, as we—two of—two—and this—quietest, most hidden creek are in an embrace—silency we—don and take from. Here are my foot's footfalls to a quiet life and the silence which the wind knows well but won we are in no hurry; in time and as our feet are already gone but we have taken from us—what—there, a part—this. **

A quiet afternoon has a soothing bask to a soul in nature that the above narrative is an attempt—through language choice, descriptive imagery—to render an idly meandrained atmosphere of serenyity; one not just within nature—also, one not just between. (In terms of its narrative tone—the author strives an unobtruised observation, absent too much emphasis, still evoking the feeling of a stroll.) **Sources**: In this narrative, I draw inspiration from literary works known for their descriptive language