 5 paragraphs minimum in length

April showers, as usual, bring Mayflowers: the first blush of new-green underfoot among fallen ferns whispers 'welcome return. Along this winding footpath, my gaze follows threads of moss-gilt, sun-soft as it weaves itself anew through ancient oak. Dappled shadows unfold in symphony: lily, birch, poplar trees in rhythm with springtime whispers that all, it seems, stirs at length within us all to dance – or pause – as I now wander beneath leaf-blown curtains' equestrian glide towards distant treestop canopy and a hint of river-ice, slowly surrendering. With feet quiet against spongy humus as soft as silence within still ponds', every moment here – this is what is.

Time becomes a mere notion within moments. As earthy-sap oozes between ancient rid and crocodilian bark, each branch takes me along: a verdant, gesticulation-less finger beckons from a creak-skeletal birch while another, less stentorian one beside offers quiet company with subtle leaf-limous that gently swallows the air within me, as in my breaths it is as one is drawn into. Here – beneath an assemblage of sun, tree-bone structure: in quiet reverence to each one a leaf a petal a flower that – and I pause now in thought to note this moment before – whispers that we are a moment – one fleeting. We dance, but then there – is quiet: an interstitch within an embroidered universe of time.

I stop now: listen carefully and let my gaze linger upon these forest souls' sentried, ancient senti-scape and let the still of their still-life become my heartbeat and as, slowly unfolding in each pause – within – my own pulse synchronizes and, it appears as time is now one beat of an otherwise eternal rhythm. And so here amidst this symphony, each quiet tree now whispers – or I do hear – of life in time. We – each, and we and they are time-bound. Here I now sit beneath branches embracing sky in an arced curve above. This – my heart beats once: this now I am, time in silence.

Each breath, I sense as earthy whispers in this quiet place beneath canopy. Here in these silent minutes, a forest-soul has been shared; this tree-brochure on nature in silence as we walk among life that moves unseen in time that passes through still moments to unfold the world in symphony in our own pulse and then pauses as silence, in quiet respect we sit: beneath leaf-gently falling from the trees, the soft of life. This moment I am. These forest-selves. These, in their gentle song of spring, in this forest in these forested, silent fields' – I am a moment and then time becomes an otherworld and this one.

I am about to take this pause afoot when a gentle, whisper-pattered leaflet falls softly around ankle. Leaf-glint reflection-eyes and sun-kissed-its own (as from an aspen's shivering leaf-echoes: – echoes from