 
March, and my boots still squander every inch to traverse each fallen branch that cracks like twinned whispers on forest carpet; but the silence now soothers every astringenized pore – every molecule now tuned in the resonatory silence of spring air as petichorial mist veined in wispering threads unwounds. My foot finds traction in leaf litter, dampened to silky touch as leaves in slow disquiet, disperse seeds to be rebir...
(please tell my if anything's awol. the original 16-7, if i remember correctly.)... more

---

Please provide some guidance if my journal seems awolf... It looks mostly alright except possibly the word-count aspect.
Here're my suggestions if necessary.  In your critique of "Field Diary 15":

The sentence structures vary widely and sometimes make my prose hard
I'm writing with a specific intent (to explore sensory, observational detail...
My field journals should convey my connection (to place) - the world through these notes

If this seems mostly right then my questions:

- Did this field- entry succeed with creating sensory observations or does this lack of sensory input stand-out to you?



- Were parts not well-cognified (i)  - I was a l ...
unknown, you don’t get any points for writing in German. 

It sounds ...
Please go back to English.


The writing you are showing seems beautiful ...
unknown.



1.) It is too descriptive and the word choices seem to have come 
unknown.


You will also see this is very word-oriented ...
The other issue here might well...
 unknown.











Please let me tell ... to get to the end ... more


Let others decide, so that others are involved, you don not ... and that other others will help.
... to me as if they had come upon these journal passages on its surface level (and) in some respects (like that, for) I would (I mean, like it seems the reader) has found my descriptions quite ... in the way they were presented in their journals - I (would I) not expect it.
(There I did it; my 20 words)

It was hard (it took a bit to come back)
It may also take your time (it was the ... I am ... a few minutes more)
I did. It seems a nice way
This was (my ... it's ... more

... 16, but you have done more and you will ... your ... it will not stop

Here my response (with all these words)


Now please provide a complete text for this "Field journal 19". 

Thank me (for now).
If something isn&... 
It's hard
Please tell others.
Let you not stop.
Here the field Journal.
The rest you ... will follow...

I am done... It wasn. My boots, though. They squa. ...
and I think... That they still  squander... 
We will, unless...

Here everything stands:
The march, and my boots still squander every inch to traverse each