 
A quiet reverence envelop us today beneath forest branches archingly woven into existence from gnared ancient hearts whose fibers bear within stories etymologic roots etching the history upon the skin – we are just visitors to its silent sanctuary. We walked hand to worn earth in gentle steps – rustle whispers echoing off leaves whose rustlings mirrored our pace while shadows dawndle beneath, darkling like a thousand miniature constellar bodies twinkaling upon bark canvas etchy tales to reticule in memories of earthbound. Earthed scat of leaf and feathered flight – whispers whispered to a listening air in which secrets sleep; beneath the forest, earth’s breath inaudibel, as ancient as our steps yet unknown to our minds as anciently entailed by a tree which bears on skin a tree that tells on skin, in bark its skin to bear on telling tales we are silent visitors to hear, hear only silence, only hear only – and with these words written – we disappear like leaf and shadowed light to leave this sanctuary for our words to become part as this tree. This tree bears on – and its story becomes ours now that the story bore on to the tree which whispers whispers which tell its bark skin as bark as tell our tales our tree its forest home its ancient home where time stands still and only leaves whisper the tale. Time has become one story the trees – and as they say – the roots entain us. And now I write to tell them. That in the quiet reverence beneath which silence is told the tale I tell of them – the leaves that bear within – we the tell that bears within and in return whispers its leaf tale which bore on its ancient – as it once – in me as a visitor who wrote its story – now my roots will bear. And this the tale – my tale in tree in earth my sanctuary to this world which now bears it for us as our leaf-treepainted home of roots our home for this forest world for these trees. The leaves rust in response the roots hold steady - in the silence where only trees bear their secret on my writing and only they bear it on mine our home our story of which only whispers the story to this earth of ancient roots which bear in them – my tale my heart which writes it - the roots entailed. 
This piece aims t ...More and More Hide this piece, aimless. It tries too t tell the ... More. Collapse of meaning due excessive wordplay! Overcomplication ruins. Less ...Less and fewer fewer more hide this collapse ... More Collapse this ... This More.
In "the" silence we walked "a " quiet walk "thunder". In quiet walkin' ...Less. The piece tries "the " the the try the try... The words ...More. Silence of a leaf ...In "a quiet we walk, "the". " ...the. More Less More ...Hide Less Less Less More. Hide more of this try to. Collapse...Collapse Silence Collapse...More Hide.
... More More and Less and Fewer fewer... Less