 My thoughts wandered, but in the direction of the breeze which carried the faint tang of blooming dogwood to join our strolled, a winding thread woven seamlessly in the rust- gold hue of a late winter sunrise, our eyes met by whispers. Every leafed bough stood in vigil as guardians against whispers. Here is a sample of their language - from each the rust-hued shadows cast by our steps on the bed of leaves a small story unfounded but the truth. We strolled and breathed; breathed as trees; a dance so still; this morning’s promise kept. We passed where sunlight slivered and filtered a silvering veil and, a whispered prayer – the world still in its sleep as morning awakens with its dew to unfold its canvas for all. Every leaf and blade, each bower woven with the soft rustle; an ancient lullaby to soothe. A gentle, unvoiced chant of a tree in full dress; its limbs an intricate symphony to match my every move in timelessness we walked together. Every whisper we listened we let drift; every breeze to be heard and breathed a harmony for one – for two; we stood where ancient and present became in a moment's shared understanding the world and me - our forest. The silence in its quiet reverberative whisper we felt. I want it re-write using 100 words to maintain that tranquility and the sense of serenity that comes forth as your thoughts flow smoothly throughout that moment on a warm spring morning in an autumn wood.
A gentle journal entry flows forth: Soft hues of twilight dawn filter through rust-ed wood trees above our steps amidst leaf-blade whispers weaves an age-aged narrative on sun-lavenders slatted canopy as sun rays softly kiss leaf-swept grass below the silence unfolds with dew. Every blade of this tapestry breathings symphony with us: two souls one heart and earth harmonied together: as in one breathe one move two: two souls and the woods' quiet song reverberative: where moments blend and time fade away and we remain, where words dwindle yet thoughts and peace and stills stay, our shared walk within a woods weaves. Time. Still in its place - our breath. And the soft silence whispers on forever.
Your original entry is beautiful, a serene ode to time, quiet observation, and a stroll through temperate nature. I can sense each gentle movement that brings the world of sights... ( More
Dear, thank you both (and in that, all that which I wrote for all you did to craft me a better way) that this has given way! The first part, in my original entry did capture some tranquility I believe. Yet it is quite understandable the second was the better expression because its words in that order more harmonously blend, flow better and less abruptness I agree the original was too complex for it (100-word constraints) which the second part does well, to encapsulate this beautiful atmosphere I created it a moment... in this, time (that it may not change and still be silent). Very grateful, thank you again for improving it! (the... ( More
I see that I missed your next message. My apologies!

You're