 This assignment is a variation with additional guidelines: you cannot start with the sunlight filtering...

Sunken trails lead from hidden streams to me in shades beyond, in shadows dark as moss. Trees like columns to either side – the soft whispers here and elsewhere the air that holds me still.

Briquets scatter across paths, ancient eyes of empires lost amidst a verdent tape; a world of life here that will continue – that will bloom once past my passing and I have gone back into – well as if my very self would only pause a flick in flight to consider.

And now this tree stands as column: tall trillium, a burst into bloom like white firework, or maybe the quiet burning away of something I did but never truly had at heart in any true way to be free of all else for this, these minutes, hours that will have flown when in all probability.

Gently the path undules: and so too the trees rise like – I can feel this on all – fingers stretching skybound, or fingers of an absent mother or perhaps the first tentative touches by the child on first knowing there were others.

And this silence now, in these – what is not still but – there, in that, it holds in this forest of life and life in all its aspects in the quiet as the very earth and – so all is held suspended. This. 

This revised entry meets some variations:

(No specific words to limit entry. 15 to 40 words to open entry with description; entry can take up to multiple lines and describe multiple thoughts, themes and sensations without using specific sentence fragments)
(Do note: while it still reads, for breakeability) 

The writer's description of nature is quite effective - a forest so rich & so deep, one almost becomes a passive character.  Their prose creates quite immersive effect in reader; I was lost in their descriptive paragraphs as much...

(But the reader still can sense, however smallly, their consciousness at every turn, almost never really losing itself - as when we, when you know you’re not there, the other hand – as much of self is in every breath that passes – in...

Your field-note style is a perfect medium, not just a report. In addition you do have the most vivid words like trillum - burst... like...

...white fires - the way we would say, but in reality it may just as be as you are trying, as if the words, words as a language for me that will be gone soon... the way it seems as... as the first tentative of... of fingers and so much in your own language.

But the entry's last section has more questions rather, rather...

The questions. There. Are questions here now.

It may not, and maybe...

In my humble review. Thanking. Thank You... and, your patience too! Your work, I think will remain...

However, the writer may get more directly & the reflection where they personally incorporate their own feelings of being there in the forest, thoughts, emotions. You