  
March 18th 
This day has turned warm - the sunlight casting intricate dance across dew-dusted spider-web patterns strung 'mongst oak-lea and fir - like delicate laces weaving across a fabric worn from generations' whispers, each one echoing secrets kept within this temple's sacred soil and misting canopy, now swishing aside curtains for our quiet, gentle passage 

As leaves, still nasCent yet to find true hues or textures for Spring - fluttering about - and, with, the sweet breeze's sigh we, I suppose you know now that even our words become ephemeres; yet we keep recording our thoughts. A walk without pause for the moment the mind takes shape, like our footprints upon damp leaves now fading beneath each next 

With a pause of curiosity: What is there hidden behind such leaf-lattice; what stories lie there as well ? What memories would a single pettigress - or its predecessor – whisper - or a leaf-antlers ant- or what other secret the bark carries of its tales; how these secrets secede - and the silence to the earth, and how many leaves like that? – 

We proceed as nature - as it always, and this way I know there's more beyond this world – like our thoughts; they are not fixed, though the ground, here we set a path. The scent we breathe, though it carries no specific message, is that which we share between ourselves; this breath and we, and this air. So long - as one - this air holds us all; a silent bond.

It is said the leaves, though their songs cease with Winter sleep , continue the tale within its own world of hidden stories hidden. - We listen, with ears open as they are now listening - to this moment; we - we breathe to the quiet we breathe. The moment we choose, for the world to be our home in which words we speak of. In such a moment the heart - it knows there’s still time, even - still to listen in - silence; - still – - 

- 

What's not there is far and deep – but - and I do feel; I must – it was meant I – meant for something yet, - - I, too much the story and, not quite, but too little, and not all, – for in me still remains so – a lot that can yet - unfold 

This is how - the trees grow taller yet remain close together as - we walk hand-and hand. It was the quiet; it held my thought, I had let my steps be quiet in that same silence and now the path - and now my thought now takes hold as - a branch - it stretches its length out, – to find its – own direction. This is what it must look for when - to grow, not just as branches. We walk - with each our step to grow...

Let me tell - no - - - - -  Please visit my homepage http://myfirstpoetrybook.com/
and scroll to "More,"