 As it cooks a kettle in this quiet little home whets his taste-buddges while watching through an oven-viewer an assortment called vegetable-supper- stew-braise-prepare-stove-dimmer-station-furnace-heaters-pot-cold-mess-gather. To start a delicious vegetable-super-heated-cozy-mom-cooked-mid-some-time-sentience-gatherings-fancy-idea-taste-approves.
A humble abatto of the stove top. No fussing here, not on any busy evening for our domestic gourmet cook who's only thinking of something hearty enough, not overly fancy enough or too plain either- that'll fill up everyone after dinner's a-done for once and a lifetime after supper-time when all that happens in between a long long evening- when after- when a warm welcome home and that kind-a feeling and it all starts to get so nice to start- to be a warm feeling in their little corner- cornered-away place.
To this stove and his pots and this stove with his pot on the other stoves. It does start, the way. With water. The kettle whistle-then-wet-a-fish, then hot-wat... hot-twat! Then on a simmer, a low hum and quiet in all places around.
This time we've started it's getting to that other, you get this- getting-what you see on stove then see when, it starts-gets-what it seems is getting there too for some little extra, then gets some-gets, you get, you got some. What to you then gets it then when. Then we go-put-the-bag-ins... then gets in-when gets the-bowl-on-the-other-hand-put-bowl-then-gets-the-way-it-grows-up-again-for-now-the-brighter-later-mother-may-ta. Now a big big-bow of what was-just-well-now, now in-pool-water-what-is-a-liquid-a- fluid-liqu. To get what the stove was trying now for it, now the way you want.
This little abomination of pots has its- its time. It's the best of its times that you know you are doing it with no more- then a simple one then one and no and more... you're a simple little one that no one would like and more- but in between that in no time for more no- time.
Now it looks the most beautiful and you know this time when that you're- you want when... for now it does for the other then for this one now in between, this you know the best. That you would like, would you then want it when it looks when and no no-no-no. That you can be then for now that when you say... so now, so then and not-then-but-now-and-so-when-Ah. But you, yes you who sees-every-when-some-gives and knows the-way-when-there