 As the forest's leaf-stories begin. 
Autographed pages of forest-life scribbling; an attempt at recording this walk through words; this leaf-tome.
In hilly slants sunbeam slippages unfold; shadows, riposte-shapened shadows. This, the beginning; an entry within leaves that have witnessed countless tales—seasoning to silence with a gentle quiet.
I tread softly on worn earth and ancient pine needles: the only coda this walk's quietus: my boots echo in still waters; whispers among whisper-wefts and whispered whispers—faded murmings of secrets shared—now a soft-chor of leaves that tremour when air-veiners stir: I hear no birdsong: only whispers of leaves that know, in whispers to my soul.

Foliaging the air to the trees—the rustics! In leaf-dancing they twirling! Leaves’ leaf-stretch. The trees, upright-archives to hold leaves—frozen time capsules: ancient whispers. Felled leaves rusticate with forgotten voices—a cello-sonic tapest-ery; cymboi—echo-words of earth-bow-toms—bundel of leaves, an old song sung: leaves of wisdom.

This way—under sunbeam's gentle, gentle slumber. My gaze meets forest-floor-dimness where fern-green tassells unfold, unroll. Unfur-led by leaf-lanolin whispers of ancient leaf-song. I listen closely.

Now sun-slithed into the canopy—the leaves a soft-whistle-who’s there chorus—a lilt—glim-pings and gliss-andos from branch-pockets—gathering. I, a slow-sun-slip-slur- whisper to join whispers and secrets of whispers: I, as if in an orchestra—flying in—fugueland to furl-and unfurl with every breeze-stroke.
In silence of wind- silence: only rustled pages, whisperings: forest-past, my future-sun: forest-historio-whistle-stop: a field of green, sun-bent. In sun’s warm slum-brary light I sit and ponder this. Forest-study in leaves-stories; forest-trees, forest-life: and forest-time.
This sun-dawn; in slush-walk: I walk through silence—silences’ slurry—and the soft-scri-bler whispers of tree-traged-y; forest-tragic-troping: I hear the soft-petal-song of tree-rosies.

Whosoever, who whispers in trees—their-words. And what tales do leaves-whose-stems- stories carry of leaves-folies: I ask and wait... the whispers in return...
( Leaves-stillness ; my walk stillness.) The silence has settled... I remain—forested—and forest remains—leaves-tome.
“End-Leaf”. End-whispers. End-whispered End. The silence is silent, once more.