 

As I meandered onto the shaded earth, the soft give and quiet hum of ancient tree sap slowly sequestered itself about a gentle melody only it might share; leaves a soft chitinous shell over ancient truths I could now no longer remember or recall or even quite hear in these still hours. It seems time holds less power in hued spaces that once had a way of drawing the soul's gaze, where now my attention is pulled instead toward those very sounds the earth made: water pooling softly over rock like some great bass instrument's drone - and that cove where once there stood some towering, twisted redwood that I would pause to kiss its knarled, gnarled fingers whenever. It stands to be recalled as having once whispered secrets or some promise it now holds, for this silence and emptiness that is here now seems somehow akin – though in truth, perhaps this only the mind’s construct: to the space of being once. My path weasely twists and undulant through leaf-membrained pathways as these ancient trunks tower before us with solemn majesty.

A slight gust lifts petiolar fruitlets high in wisecriss to catch at sunlight like a tumbrel; its pale petals opening – in slow reveal and then slowly fade to be a gentle echo left behind like some fleeting thought – while other trees in whose ancient presence now seem small the once-lavering and then innumerable birds which sang from their branchy tops have since vanished: or at least the melody of the song gone with seasons that had once a different way.

These are thoughts in slow reveal – and slow release of a memory long-sleepless. Perhaps this silence I now sense - though not yet lost as to my being present to – this forest of my own youth will come and be one with these once-throng with song to stand and in time become – a tree, one among countless - or the song that will come - though one in countless – a tree with some leaf in its leaves which has learned the way, in stillness now.

My thoughts wander – as it were: as to where this song might still – though in another time have found its resting ground as I wander still in another – to a silence which in turn will be some future's time in quiet; that which was – a time when time – to the very essence. Here it remains that silence; as this is that still, for the tree is a memory and my memory one as if this too has grown and in silence become something of this, something, of a different – that this once, the one before; the time now lost is that in itself which this has grown in – of what remains. – the quiet of being that which once, the tree's song is now – a quiet, an absence.

This is not to the extent in memory but to – this as I have always had; – a memory. To the memory I am of this; it seems I am not so – yet; almost, – as if there is not this absence but instead – a silence in here – toward which the world has long