  
Today marks exactly 47 consecutive hours I haven''nt shower or shaved, so when my footsteps sank gently across forest leafmow it''nt only earth beneath. Sweat clumping against brow skin, damp clothes, I breathed in. Denser, green, more life-filled. Every glance flicking left to check for snarli- snakes, and I remembered I hadn t checked. That little fear is like any habit or expectation I find the most troublesome the instant. No sound carries so distinctly the way I hear nothing: wind through pine and oak leaves. Birds? Yes, distant and uninterested whispers that the wind carries to an open, calm sky above.

Inhalemotion, as in exhaled. In this quiet there was something more: space for my own quiet and the slow realization my body is a collection - like this very place: leaves - that once upon being touched become tangled - like when branches meet overhead and in their entwinng create shelter from which to explore and breathe in, again - as we stand, and so here and as well within that quiet - it takes to untwine; to separate, yet never completely, but rather - in harmony, each element finds room in me: a leaf''nest.

Everywhere in a tempera-tree, leaves. No, there they were no everywhere at first look or listen to the silence - it's not the sounds, the noises one makes when breathing (which isn t really noticed, until there they come); it's that quietness; not that it makes one think the way they would, or would they, had a particular thing been mentioned before the moment in this forest and not the quiet of, say an attic space - a single story, where it s all so contained (this tree). The wind doesn'nt whisper in your ear here. That was it the trees didn '' speak to be known.

One leaf from another in such ways I was no longer thinking the things I was doing as if it mattered, no need. No more than to consider I m not alone or not, at least here: in each breath. The trees - I had been breathing, too long it seemed I forgot. My own silence, and as much a breath - it wasn ''.t so quiet - just my part not so loudly spoken.
I''t think this will change, I realized, once again not knowing I was doing as I had; once having thought - it didn ''. t. This quiet space and my space now intertwined the space we share with everything and we''ve all of a shared, untwineable connection like so many strands intertwined leaves to create, as they are: life in each place as in all of it together the breath.
In quiet spaces - like that quietness above this one where all the wind carries. That''t s enough - to breathe it is: enough.

And it's gone - now - the quiet I found in this moment, quiet within me too now - I''t make it back, yet. Whatever, only that this