 (approx., I think.) As for style? Just... keep to what came natural.

A tranquil air clungs softly on all skin beneath my gaze - so, like an insouciance to be expected in places of serene tranquinity and quiet reverence for Mother nature. I meander through the tempera- (temerare-)... Ah yes: Temperatus Forestit. (Or Forest in plain English. This I'll have done by 12pm I swear on...) Here lies such gentle quietus; this forest - as a symposium or perhaps the most unorthadoxious... Unnerving, yes...

A squirrel perched up above scampering for something, leaves razing against this wind. That wind whispers. Whisks against me with such tender ease as it were ca- no I refuse no more metaph- I won; there is little use; little to describe, save by simple words - which will suffice: 'it.' Leaves raking beneath the wind; my steps quiet against this silence. That wind: (oh! - a bird; that song, I must find...)...

My foot falls in syncopatae- Syncopyr-r, a beat to this rhythm (or) a stenogram. I mustn t write. Just. I... No! Must; yes: write this all (as I did; in these very notes)... Ah yes- I will continue: my eyes (a fleeting moment - and no, a glaunce, if we want precise-... - on those squirrelly whiskery things); those, a rust, an averted; a glimmer... My hand... No not the glider; the leaves...

A rust - that bird; my steps. This is; I should, in a forest this. In this silence, such tranquillo - and quiet- No quiet (whist;... The silence.) No... Whish-hush-! That leaves, and those birds; wind in these trees.

As my feet walk; in pace and step; and time, and - and in a- I stop for now (for so) and gaze upon those branches... and I will continue (when... as needed). And if... if, for some... some...

End Journal

I will leave some thoughts below...

* Style:
While my aim might devolve toward more concise entries laterally, this particular write leans upon stream, or continuous prosed style in some ways while using anachronic, non-linear, even seemingly meek descriptions as if, or, if at all...

How does an observer's journal note look to yours; the reader; the world - in general; how? Do, or does your observation style - or any others - vary when writing for oneself versus in an attempt... I will keep this for further... I have time (no); time; the end is nigh...

Thanks for the opportunity to express this.

For. Forevermore.

---

Thoughts for improvement:
1. More focus on the descriptive (actual event)