  Here we'll take an uncompounded look, an uncompounding one,
At just how home cooked veggies do get served with just one 
Soup recipe! In that simple manner. In its simplicity there
Isn 't just ease found here! For it starts with what the heart and
Mind are thinking about - ingredients for the dish. It can start, of  Course!
First we're getting all things that can get chopped - on- 
Count, of - - Course: The 2 onions (the whites 
Removed). They  are the beginning - 
To the whole of soup preparation - and also in 3
Parts chopped - so the cooking process
Won't leave - a  too thick
Massive  soup.
There were some
Chopper, then 1 red and then white potatoes 
Were - 
Sourced - then chopped! In the process.
Carried along. For they 
To get boiled! The same as the onions: The three 
Part chipping of, so it can flow and also not too slow - and in this time.
There 
Was no problem - to mix these, 
As with some of the other ingredients: There will soon be time! Now - let there. 
To it!
Now - for it,  there! Then to - and for there's time now.
Then there!
To be. - Then, at home with 1/3 and at
- home - at once - there - in - it! 
-  (from where did this go off track??)


The instructions appear scattered. They would likely cause the untrained eye much perplexitation when endeavorin` soup prep, my nemesiss...er,i meant "col-eeg-uus." A proper outline, in clear steps is usually a safer course:
Here is one of several possibilities on making easy vegable home-cokied soupt.
Start by getting and ready the folioings:
  -  Chopped (in four  pats 2 medium, wht & onyos,
         A choc, or white, or colored or
      (2 small/medium carrots  cut)
           Pot,  and   - - red and    wh.
- Boilling: Pot. and water boilin'   to     .
         A - A - , or      (tis time  t.
        Soup to,   or    - soup - to.  t.  ,     .

Here's the "easy soup-making instructions":

G. S.'t
Start by gatheri...
[The instructions trail... off... ] 

How do our soup preparation's go when our prose is more traditional?
Examine and discuss how using standard narrative flow with sentence lengths
might aid in following steps for your reader.

**The Traditional Version**: Here follows my version
that shows simplicity is simplicity is simplicity.  Here 
come some ingredients, then they get prepared. 
1 - Cut up vegetables must be 
cleaned. This initial list includes
your 3 white onions