 We donle and wend their merry path under branches high in air.
I step away through shadows dark as emerald to an air of scent and whisper quiet. Where forest trees loam in earth below in hasty curves a pathway leads the pace and I in following form an undulate track as sun’s slippers shed light through gaps to floor.
Tangles in underglimses unfold to fern to dells beneath a broom with twig ends still attached a soft green moss wraps, as petals unfold their beauty with a scent both puffy air holds dearer in quiet breathes as all my fears in quiet walkways leave me there I hear.
Buds unfold like little wings their petals dance on air and whispers fade as distant trees in windward sway the censures to their ancient secrets in silence.
Fungi to my eye, I find and hidden moss where water once fell soft in trickle as my pace and walk along this way.
Here where a broome’s leaflets cling together as some twig and moss to ground with earth, a secret to me I am alone as this world in silent breath of trees in forest floor in hallow silence in walk of quiet path beneath branches all so calm. I walk the walk beneath a leafless crown in quiet forest, walk.
Note to writers : Try rewriting with some different punctuation styles; try different sentence starts (using "And..." is common for this, see the second entry); play w... (More notes at foot)

Write, using different forms or methods (for fun):

(Use these words at a 30 words or longer in any paragraph; I am writing about the scene)

Words list 10-14:
1a tree - a fern b walk d under (14)

Other ideas; to be added or done differently

I step into shadow.
Shhhhh... The air, thick, as green...
A quiet. So many
A little.
And I go to the forest to get away, the noise.

Words I could choose for 8 paragraphs, using these given sentences and paragraphs to work from: 

1, forest trees,
4: a fern...
5a: little green mushrooms,

Notes

This writing technique I chose can produce a peaceful and calm narrative.
- Punc. (e.g...); in writing. A field diary like writing should use this to describe
   ... in this walk through...
Write another entry with a new sentence.

Write a diary with 1/2 pages filled.

(To do different variations)

For 7. and more:

•   Change each time the word is used to
   •    Change it to...
       o...
     (For variations)
   I go into shadow; the...; so I...
...and quiet
and walk away, forest.
    and... I

and... quiet... to leave...
•
Write using more
(see 13 more notes)

- Create a page for this field
Notes about What happens?
If I learn more or know more. Did I hide? Why do I