 Here we sit by streams. Today began in mist as farmland became the tumbled ruins we knew we wouldn’t visit today anyway.
A forest beckonds to walk, not too dark with all shade cast upon leaves. A walk so inviting you wouldn
...continue journal at a later stage: (you decide, like 6-11 pm tomorrow?) to explore an unopened side-triangle with trees that may be more open here due ... Read Chapter Here we continue journal (later): An Unending Horizon As the days of rain come fewer but still come it seems our feet take ... To keep exploring forest’s unsealed parts. (you decide?)...
The first entry here was calm with description but also hinting for an upcoming action. Then second was left unfinished to leave some room in the narrator for their decision or future events which have come out.
Here you're given freedom with this to make the ending. Just write the part which will give closure but could change story or open another way forward depending of you creativity:
Write to complete story as well you want. Please use the given context to your creative vision.
If want I help I'm able too as editor...
Please let be clear you like me will wait 72 (three week's) until we start from where here were before.
Other Writing and Writing Assistance Stories for Me? ... More Info about How to Make It Your Vision ... 5 minutes
Readers are encouraged with my stories by writing about the future of characters as if I am the guide for a character, which gives readers control on story’s flow but it still a good creative story that the person reading this would have made a lot different but similar with mine ideas ... It gives a more of sense control on my hand with it's a character, like my assistant or like that person that would give ideas ... Read about How To Start This ... (5min)... Other Stories I can help... Here More... . All stories in My Book ... More ...
Write to complete here
This was my idea of story. Do ... ... continue reading or writing your side, I leave room with my imagination...
Let know with comment... I like a good debate to be started.
Please like my story here: (5 minutes of fun).
Do like: "Like", share to share it: Facebook ... LinkedIn and ... to others in My Network ...
Write a calming, atmospheric passage that brings nature's peace in it...
Read my comment here... to continue... My stories: ... or read the whole: ... How-to: Start this conversation or How to help Me...
Please rate my post with rating. (if rate 9 out there 15... please let the others understand). This post and My work, they give an idea...
You may also be inspired my book or story that help to bring some more to my stories like that here:
I'll be glad that help and your thoughts...
Thanks for reading, write and help me with your time...
Like my posts...
Please like my story here: (5 minutes of fun, story that will