 Weaved into descriptions...
Write this field diary by imagining walking alongside Professor Willow’s guide, exploring temperaments.
We stroll on, through this verdane woodlot; its embonptent of green envelopment embracing every sensory facet we perceive now; each stride an anticipation; every glance – and – insight shared as I stroll in synchronosity, with him; beneath sun rays peek through tenuous leaf-umbellas, diffraction of light filtering like stained window’s patois in the glooms, illuminining hidden worlds beneath: moss-lipped rocks crinklement’s quiet whispers of ages-old geological history as roots twang in a cadaverian tarpin dance of a century – then: an iridaceous canopy swishes aural curtain: in the wind's whispering a symm. As leaves and branches harmonistically harmonious. – a lichen-dusted ancient trunk; ancient, with tales and legends, insc...
Tags Forest | Greenhouse
What can one gain or experience when engaging ...
The act of being fully involved; engrossey in contemplatative observation; when engaging an experence in tempermental realms like a wood ...
The wood is not 'merer nature' but an experience – for within its realms lies not one fixed, one-way understanding: one's perception changes by virtue its multifolial perspectives: like seeing life thro the primate eyes or perceiving in syncronous with insect or fungal consciousness
The forest is like life, full or complexities - the interl ...
Forest canons resonate, whisper a chorus: symphonist whispers, and harmonizations – in the sympho – harmonics, where notes echo between life, and time-space convergin...
Here it gets me, when I ponder: forest has been called "The Earth is in the Tree and there I see her". And it feels like an answer to the ques: 'How can I hear, if you won the earth'
As a student for life & its intric...
Here are your notes about "forest"
The notes from Prof's walk journal have highlighted the multifoc...
As in our exploration here – in synchronizing my own consciousness – as the trees harmonies echo with insect, animal calls in harmony...
What an adventure of thoughts...
I see the temperant of 'tree-sight': seeing 'forest life' thro 'feyr-eye-leaf'. As an experiency: to see and per... see
Tags forest|Temps- Forest Journal entry
...a way to express ...
Write an essay with references from various forest-...
References are available
How would an experienced field-guide professor of temper...
As I strolls within woods of temperance where trees sway... like leaves dancing under the breaths... like life pulsate thru their banches
This experence can ...
Forest of knowledge – temper- forest of knowledge where wri-ting and reading unfold before our eyes, just like wals of experience, unfolding above our souls...
Now, through this living library, I realize the essence o...
And we