 My words should convey a feeling a quiet serendirty that is a result if living so intenify. in nature as one.
"Sunday has surrendered beneath gentle rains as afternoon descender toward the verdent threshold. Footfalls fade like echoes of an afternoon in autumn - rustly beneath each tender stride through damped needles that perfume with scaldant scenting and sap-juice-sour earth-smiles on the forest-bed - and then I am absorbed the mist-tinge on this verdite path of a winding brooky - where ancient whispers hide beneath leaves of moss-woven tapests as morning mirth whispers of forgotten seasons."

Note on grammar:
I tried using poetic sentence structures but please point my mistakes.

Also:
Please correct for any awkward phraseologies and give suggestions on areas which need clarification/ precision, such
Please do tell

Note (additional clarification)
As part-of being intensifying experience,
the words' meaning might be interpreted slightly differently. It could mean more to a "forest-sound-jurky-person" who spends time immersed-in-a-variadic environment
and less to, I mean, someone whosn, in-the-out-side of their home. This note aims t convey that

This was quite long so i made mistakes I am hoping my friends, can understand.  Also I tried a style to convey my experience I've got from forest so the language a quite abstract.

So Please take the liberty for me as a reader, to adjust the clarity as we would with another's diary entries - for instance - to ask 'What did the writers intended?" when unsure. Please also share my journal with a colleague (just the entry - please make that it was from one person - you) that will not take your understanding for theirs to show them I've used abstract thinking here

Here: 
https:
```

This piece does showcase many poetic sentences that create beautiful descriptive effects but, like with anything so abstract. it might take another reading of it before it all comes. This is your piece as far this I'll help to make clear for any of our potential to understand this passage for my journal, I've been living as part, you could think to the outside.
I will try in order.
```


(Note for you)

To give you, to have a deeper reading this note, my intention in this journal.
https


(Note - additional clarification )
In that sense this entry - I was thinking a more like a " forest-like journal " , that can capture in time that we do this and then the time it will become to you
This journal, I believe is the beginning. (and this the end).

Now - you will write this text into English for a general, as much possible (as far my knowledge as this) 
You can be sure this entry will come true, it would. - if they do that for, to a forest maybe there will be other steps in this life to, please tell me something 

Please be merciful to me and be gentle. Thank you.

Current Time