 (Please provide your observations on this prompt!)
In these lush woodlands we stroll. Sun-kiss our face today casts gentle beams to temper a cool autumn crisp in my breath as walk along. Under canope overhead - a leafless skeleton once full foliage swears the forest to eternal spring within it; where green shadows hide - an oasis world teething forth with every. Leaf rustler in this morning’s damp breeze - rustlings leaves of maple’s fiery glow and hued with yellow’s tender care. Squirrel and chick, their playful chase in a. Leaf bed - soft beneath; beneath, a network crumble as we pass.

Fading to left of view lies an ephemerial water-course now parch and with a. Leaf and seedlings grow and spread; an arable expanse where, one year to last and yet not to be here again to know it.

In hollow - moss-covered - quietude prevale, an atmosphere so, and still to hold secrets as if - to know a history, in the. Silences here we keep.

This piece, I feel I did pretty justice capturing, as per my own style; if, not perfectly conveying this field-entry in all calm. To begin from top I wanted write an introductory passage setting tone by incorporating elements - natural imagery for sensory details, with words as a means for describing. The calm of walking in woodland and how nature’s ambiance could make me forget the hustle. From this initial segment set, as much focus on observing specific objects, and the surrounding environment within these sentences. I have included elements in my prose of - metaphrical comparison as a means - to describe. As in the instance “...map’s fireplace” I chose. To incorporate, in that, to create the imagery as it did for reader as to make an emotional connect.

Would like to improve, please do. Your review can focus areas on grammar & style for this. (Would really be apprec. Thanks!)
In your observations:

- Are all sentences flowing well together; the connection is it as a field-note style (if there's need improvements or any changes for that?
Could this, at one instance be seen (or not); any thoughts about, and suggestions would, appreciate! The continuous. And in writing in general. 

I will make minor grammatica adjustments, just keep me posted how the changes are working and then, will focus more. If the changes have to occur to be done and also I shall take some ideas and incorporate to see.

The original response I am providing the continuous text is here above:

... and I shall be posting your review soon.
Kind thanksgiving!

Update:
- I see that, I did use more formal and elaborate language.
- There wasn have much repetition. So I'm looking on, and how it came together.
-I tried, my main purpose: was capturing field-notes like and as it in, walking through temperate forest - we do this to keep, calm down as thinking reflection.

...

Thank you for your attention, further to providing a feedback. It