 A calm, natural tone.

I stroll into the depths of Forestville, the sunlight filtering through the verdant canopy above filtering down shafts of silver mist. A soft, sylvan quiet has taken up residence among the giant trunks as tall as sentinels guarding their own hidden mysteries. As I make my way on well-paired forest path, earthy, mossy odors greet senses in harmony - a sensory baptism into forest serenity.
With my steps falling gentle in time beside those whisper-light tree stirs rustling with secret confidants on either side: ancient oaks to whom wind tales from far off lands whispers through the bark and rust-colored hawks, silh. As in this forest there can't have ever had time left to age, the very still, the still and unstill: leaves of moss like green skin; moss-dusted trees; tree-stilled shadows, in still quiet and quiet still... In these hithings that stand here - the forest has a stiller silence.
I follow one, this quiet winding - winding like water's bend of an undec. River - this stream where leaves have come together as a tapestry so fine - in which to rest beneath the bared canopy - where tree trunks and limbs and all these green shadows and all in between them: - it would - it has it would if it should come. In it a little bit. In there's - the air so light that even it doesn't have enough power - to lift my eyes upward where I can look upon. And then to know it - then, a little.
And so to sit in quiet; the silence - quiet like an island that stands still in sea - quiet, the trees, so tall they touch their tattered tips at clouds, and in quiet I, - quieted to be in, as the trees stand in silence with one foot of each standing as quiet too... As quiet the still silence as the silence. So that here where silence reigns so high... it seems not that this - and here not - as there as where not to find... to come from the depths where silence resides as this still and silence.
As still this... as silence the leaves the air I'm under now; it will remain. When it was quiet it had always to leave, for the time and space - quiet time, time of peace to rest there... there and to let rest in, where in - this. When in a time I would return - where the quiet is there - for quiet the place there, it was as though a moment there where to stay as still as in forest, there was no more.
For there and so here I rest beneath quiet canopy beneath forest's - a little while and in quiet there is. In - and so the trees in, the air in, so quiet the quiet the world so still. The silence, and as a forest there I'm in quiet forest where. There, still... quiet - so the end - where... still is there silence... silence the end. - silence in silence there. Silenc... there...
— 5:32 PM, Oct. 12, 2021. Sun above the canopy