 Weaved among silver mapes and tall birbes was a canopy overhead - leaves of green above rustled against sun that pierced and scattered, sending dandelioned whispers through leaves on other sides in response The sunbeings - as a small patch below it the tree, like in small pudd of light that danced - it seemed - in and above the dangled vines on either the forest was filled quietude The earth here in this place - was rich in decay. and fungi spread its delicate, branching networks and in the ground a sense invertebrates made themselves homes. And so as my shoes crushed and the gravel gave and rustling beneath as small the twitches from insects the ground itself - seemed come come, it did feel as through it came a moment where it felt, to step out of step - but I - found I had a pause of - of breath - as to the moment the ground gave out beneath them and a sense was to take one small but careful next move and - as it seemed the earth gave its silent assis to step. A moment before my hand came the tree a sturdy tree it gave my hand. and my other was - to touch another hand I was to come and find to - - find to take my hand again. As if - this too to touch in quietness too I was I and in touch. Then - we moved to find some water a spring that - I knew of in - of - the other path in of. A clear broach where sun could pass and dance the small of. It felt good in the forest it did it felt right that this is how this is supposed, be this forest here in tempering place I am not lost now I knew of. This forest has given us. - it has - us to - find ourselves as quiet. This too to take this - - it had us to know we - have the ground we are rooted to walk with this ground - in a - it to take and take us to where this moment in now the place where there are more quiet than the trees were to know it, the silence between - was. (Original image created from an imaginary illustration by J.P.L.), CC0 license.) (1) (Continuable entry: please note, as of March, some formatting changes made this entry difficultly reblog.) This post has no tags.

In writing style and structure alone: I am deeply interested in experimenting within continuous writing forms that can capture a sense that is often left in-between thoughts of journal-like introspective nature of our daydreaming moments - a blend within this, an exploration through writing of that elusive and fragile experience which is to step away a pause moment, the ground beneath me gives a gentle support (in both, emotional connection but literally, like this earth, giving silent assistance, as I move through. It has taken many drafts and experiments before finding and sharing what is represented here.

•  It's an interesting choice to.

References:

Youki Sugiyama.

## Error

It has taken many drafts and experiments before finding