 This assignment is a variation with additional guidelines: you cannot start with the sunlight filtering...

Sunken trails lead from hidden streams to me in shades beyond, in shadows dark as moss. Trees like columns to either side – the soft whispers here and elsewhere the air that holds me still.

Briquets scatter across paths, ancient eyes of empires lost amidst a verdent tape; a world of life here that will continue – that will bloom once past my passing and I have gone back into – well as if my very self would only pause a flick in flight to consider.

And now this tree stands as column: tall truss of bark like armor plated – I step closer still – an archeologist might decipher the lines here for an epic narrative. Or maybe these markings signify nothing save for nature – for growth itself: each season its own eternality unfolding and unfolding yet, till death its final script and this trunk will rot away as I too in its end, so very, like an ending and I pause a moment here as I should for life here that will persist as the last breath, that's gone as in this air I've stopped still, still for all its life within its heart.

Note:

* This is in a format commonly referedd a continuous paragraph (no line/phrase-level line separation). Some readers and critics see an inherent difficulty between understanding continuous texts since there won’t have an initial and an ultimate punctuation (or space to divide thoughts and pauses). For those, we recommend reorganization as standard text.

The assignment aims: you shouldnâ‚ï°ï²’ write about this scene of a walking journey, you should: – create and write your thoughts continuously with a narrative voice; – avoid starting at first paragraph and write after one word â›²‘ to capture the initial environment, atmosphere.

It would recommend using natural words to make your thoughts, and it doesn not necessarily be to the best way for it is to describe an impression – a scene as an artist, but not so it would give more attention of an audience for you in the writing of. It was done well done the best writing as the assignment and we want a better. If someone could give an example or some guidance for an assignment.âŠ½š’”‚”’•ˆ‘

This response was given as it could help for this question, if some could provide guidance. We would thank that and be ready.

Source.â‚ï»â„ƒ Source.

Here. If your request for this information you are not able...

Note 2024 (1). If there were errors in these texts...

In my view as the reviewer: â•¯šš€€•‚šŠ‘ The text seems quite interesting because âŠ‘âˆ° and its style has many features. I do appreciate that it’s quite â“• to â…‚ï»š“ï¸‚â…‚ï»š“ï¸‚â•¸Šâ•¸Š “You cannot start with the sunlight filtering through the leaves